Added destroy flag and info to namespace and preview destroy (#277)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/cli.mdx

| _--volumes_                              |  (bool)  | Destroy the persistent volumes created by the development environment (defaults to `false`)                                                             |
| _--wait_                                 |  (bool)  | Wait until the development environment is destroyed (defaults to `false`)                                                                               |
| _--no-bash_                              |  (bool)  | Execute the command using the container's default shell instead of bash (defaults to false)                                                             |

> | _--all_                                  |  (bool)  | Destroy everything at the current namespace (defaults to `false`)                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _--all_                                  |  (bool)  | Destroy everything (defaults to `false`)                                                                                       |
```

#### delete

> Delete a namespace. When `destroy` commands are defined at the development environments of the namespace, this will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a namespace.  If the manifest includes `destroy` commands, they will be executed as part of the command.
```

You need to be [logged in](/docs/reference/cli/#context) to Okteto before running this command.
Only users with administration privileges can destroy a global preview environment.

> When `destroy` commands are defined at the development environment of the preview, this will be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If the manifest includes `destroy` commands, they will be executed as part of this command.
```
